SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY AND AMONGST CANCER GENETICS, INC. AND BIOSERVE
BIOTECHNOLOGIES (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED REPROCELL U.S.A., INCORPORATED
Effective Date: 23 rd December 2017
1. Term
The duration of this agreement is 10 years. The term of this agreement is ten years.
2. Commencement
THIS AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) shall commence on January 25, 2010. The term of this
Agreement begins on the Effective Date and expires on December 31, 2030 (the "Term").
3. Payment
Supplier shall manufacture, test, label, ship, and sell Products to Purchaser in accordance with the terms
and conditions set out in this Agreement, during the term of this Agreement.2.2 Product price will be
negotiated and agreed upon by both parties once final component list for Product hardware is known.2.3
Purchaser will pay additional $16,000 USD for Website development at the time of release of the
completed Website to the Purchaser.2.4 Purchaser will pay a non-refundable down-payment of $3,000 USD
to the Supplier upon execution of this agreement. This down-payment amount may be used by the
Purchaser as initial payments for Products or other expenses pertaining to this agreement (e.g. Shipping
etc).
4. Indemnity
Transportation charges for Product returned to Supplier shall be at Buyer's expense. Transportation for
shipment of the replacement Product to Buyer (or its designated location) shall also be at Supplier's
expense. Buyer shall reimburse Supplier for all costs associated with returned Product which has no defects
due to Supplier supplied material or Supplier supplied workmanship. In the event of any dispute regarding
whether a Product conforms to the Product Specifications, such dispute shall be submitted to a mutually
agreed expert who shall render a final and binding decision.
5. Confidentiality
"Confidential Information" means any and all technical and non-technical information of or related to either
Party, including, without limitation, proprietary information, know-how, the NCM Property and Derived
Works, and information related to or regarding either Party's research and development, finances,
suppliers, customers, business forecasts, and marketing plans, in whatever form disclosed or made
available. Confidential Information does not include information which: (i) the recipient can demonstrate
was already known to it at the time of its receipt hereunder; (ii) is or becomes generally available to the
public other than by means of the recipient's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) is
independently obtained from a third party whose disclosure violates no duty of confidentiality; or (iv) is
independently developed by or on behalf of the recipient without use of or reliance on any Confidential
Information furnished to it under this Agreement.
Confidential Treatment Each party acknowledges that the other's Confidential Information contains
valuable trade secret and proprietary information of that party. Each party agrees to permanently hold,
and cause its personnel to hold, all Confidential Information of the other party in strict confidence, except
that each party may: (i) disclose the Confidential Information of the other party that is required to be
disclosed by governmental agencies, regulatory authorities, or pursuant to court order, but only to the
extent such disclosure is required by law and only if such party provides prompt prior written notice to the
other party of the disclosure, and (ii) subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, use the
Confidential Information of the other party only to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under
this Agreement. Except as specifically permitted by this Agreement, neither party shall duplicate or use, or
permit the duplication or use of, any Confidential Information of the other party or disclose or permit the
disclosure of such Confidential Information to any person or entity. Each party shall limit use, possession,
and disclosure of, and shall limit access to, the Confidential Information of the other party only to those of
its employees or representatives whose performance under this Agreement requires such use, possession,
disclosure, or access and who have signed confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements protecting the
confidentiality of the Confidential Information at least to the same extent as such information is protected
under this Agreement. Any duplication, use, disclosure, or other act or omission by any person or entity
that obtains access to or possession of Confidential Information through the receiving party that would be a
breach of this Agreement if committed by the receiving party shall be a breach of this Agreement by the
receiving party for which the receiving party shall be responsible.
6. Change of Control
Change of Control If, within one hundred eighty (180) days after a Change of Control, the Company or the
successor entity to the Company notifies You pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement that the Agreement
will not be renewed, then, at the expiration of the Employment Period or Renewal Period, as applicable,
You shall receive the Separation Benefits set forth in Section 5B above; provided, however, that Your right
to receive the Separation Benefits shall be subject to the Separation Benefits Conditions set forth in Section
5B above.
"Change of Control" means (i) the sale, transfer, or other disposition of eighty percent (80%) or more of the
Company's assets, or (ii) a sale of fifty percent (50%) or more of the then outstanding voting stock of the
Company in a single transaction or a series of related transactions.
7. Termination
Upon the seventh (7th) annual anniversary of the Hotel Commencement Date with regard to that Hotel the
term will automatically renew for a 12-month period (“Renewal Term”), subject to the right of Marriott to
terminate without renewal upon giving written notice to OCC not less than sixty (60) days prior to the
relevant Hotel Termination Date and the right of OCC to terminate without renewal upon giving written
notice to Marriott not less than six (6) months prior to the relevant Hotel Termination Date. The date for
termination specified in the notice shall be the last day of the month in which the relevant Hotel
Termination Date falls. During a Renewal Term, Hotel may terminate the Agreement at any time upon
giving sixty (60) days prior written notice to OCC, and OCC may terminate the Agreement at any time upon
giving six (6) months prior written notice to Hotel.
8. Insurance
Supplier and Buyer Shall, at their own expense, maintain all insurance appropriate to ensure proper
performance of their obligations hereunder. Coverage limits may be satisfied through a combination of
primary and/or excess umbrella coverage. Supplier and Buyer shall provide to each other a certificate of
insurance showing the types and amounts of insurance in force. Coverage shall include, at a minimum, the
following for Supplier and Buyer: Commercial General Liability- Commercial General Liability insurance
covering liability with limits not less than One Million U.S. Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and Two
Million Dollars ($2,000,000) General Aggregate. Each party must name the other party as Additional
Insured, Automobile Liability- Automobile Liability insurance covering owned, non-owned and hired
vehicles with limits not less than One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence. Each party must name
the other party as Additional Insured, Workers Compensation and Employer's Liability.
9. Notice Obligation
Buyer will notify Supplier of its requirements for quantities of Products by submitting a purchase order [via
electronic mail] to Supplier.
If Buyer disputes any amount invoiced by Supplier, Buyer will notify Supplier in writing within fifteen (15)
business days of such dispute together with an explanation of the basis for such dispute.
Supplier shall perform an inspection on all Tools upon delivery and notify Buyer of any defects or required
maintenance or repairs and Buyer shall furnish or fund any required replacement, maintenance or repairs
within 10 days of receipt of notice from Supplier.
10. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
(a) EVENTS OF DEFAULT The occurrence of any one or more of the following events (regardless of the
reason therefor) shall constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:
(1) Aladdin Gaming shall fail to make any payment in respect of any payment of principal or interest under
the Term Loan Note or payment of Interim Rent or Basic Rent under the Master Lease Agreement, as and
when due; or Aladdin Gaming shall fail to make any other payment hereunder or under any of the other
Operative Documents when due and payable or declared due and payable and such failure shall continue
for five (5) days after the due date therefor.
(2) Aladdin Gaming shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any of the provisions of Sections 10(j)
or 11 hereof.
(3) Aladdin Gaming shall fail or neglect to perform, keep or observe any term or provision of this
Agreement (other than any such term or provision referred to in paragraphs (1) or (2) above) or of any of
the other Operative Documents, and the same shall remain unremedied for a period ending on the first to
occur of thirty (30) days after Aladdin Gaming shall receive written notice of any such failure from GE
Capital or thirty (30) days after a Responsible Officer of Aladdin Gaming shall become aware thereof.
11. Limitation of liability
The Company has no material liabilities or obligations which are not reflected or reserved against in the
Company Balance Sheet, except liabilities or obligations incurred since the date of the Company Balance
Sheet in the ordinary course of business. The Company has not agreed to incur, directly or indirectly, any
liability for brokerage or finders' fees, agents' commissions or other similar charges in connection with this
Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby.
12. Force Majeure
Failure of either party to perform its obligations under this Agreement except the obligation to make
payments) shall not subject such party to any liability to the other if such failure is caused by acts such as,
but not limited to, acts of God, fire, explosion, flood, drought, war, riot, sabotage, embargo, strikes or other
labour trouble, failure in whole or in part of suppliers to deliver on schedule materials, equipment or
machinery, interruption of or delay in transportation, compliance with any order or regulation of any
government entity acting with colour of right or by any other cause beyond the reasonable control of the
parties.
13. Governing Law
This Agreement and its formation, operation and performance and the terms of all sales of Product
hereunder, shall be governed, construed, performed and enforced in accordance within the laws of the
State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Each party irrevocably agrees that the
state and federal courts of Delaware shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit action
or proceedings which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and, for such purposes,
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of those courts.
14. Dispute Resolution
if any controversies, conflicts, disputes and/or differences (“Dispute”) arises between the disputing Parties
hereto during the subsistence of this Agreement or thereafter, the disputing Parties shall endeavour to
settle such dispute amicably whereby the disputing Parties shall attempt to reach a resolution of the matter.
For the purpose of this Clause, the Promoters and the Company shall be considered as one Party and in
case of Dispute that arises between Investor and the Company; the Investor shall elect one arbitrator.
If amicable settlement is not arrived at as above, within 90 (ninety) days of the date of Dispute, the Dispute
shall be resolved and settled exclusively and finally by arbitration and either disputing Party may issue a
notice of Dispute (“Notice of Dispute”) to the other disputing Parties.
All notices, computations, returns, certificates and audit reports, which ought to have been given or made
or submitted, have been properly and duly submitted by the Company to the tax authorities and no
information, notices, computations or returns, etc., submitted to such authorities are the subject matter of
any dispute.
Neither the Promoters nor the Company is engaged, and to the best of the knowledge of the Promoters,
nor are there any circumstances which are likely to give rise to any litigation, arbitration or alternative
dispute resolution proceedings and there are no such proceedings pending or threatened to the best of the
knowledge of the Promoters by or against the Company and/or the Promoters.
15. Non-Compete
During the employment of the Executive under this Agreement and for a period of six (6) months after
termination of such employment, the Executive shall not at any time compete on his own behalf, or on
behalf of any other person or entity, with the Company or any of its affiliates within all territories in which
the Company does business with respect to the business of the Company or any of its affiliates as such
business shall be conducted on the date hereof or during the employment of the Executive under this
Agreement.
16. Non-Solicitation
Executive agrees that, during the term of his employment with Aastrom and for a period of one
year following the termination of his employment with Aastrom for any reason, he will not,
directly or indirectly, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit, induce
or attempt to solicit or induce: (i) any then current employee or independent contractor of
Aastrom to terminate or modify his, her or its employment or business relationship with
Aastrom; (ii) any then current customer of Aastrom with which Executive had personal contact
during the last twelve (12) months of his employment or about which Executive had access to
Confidentia Information regarding such customer, or any current vendor, supplier, service
provider, or other business relation of Aastrom ("Business Relation") to terminate or modify its
use of Aastrom's services or its relationship with Aastrom, as applicable.
17. Solicitation
The parties therefore mutually agree that neither party shall without the other's prior written consent
either during or within six months after the termination or expiry of the contract, either on their own behalf
or on behalf of any other Person canvass, solicit the business of or endeavor to entice away, engage,
employ, or otherwise solicit for employment any person who during the relevant period was an employee
or sub-contractor of the other, and with whom such party had material contact in connection with any
contract under these terms.
18. Assignment
No Assignment: You may not assign or transfer any rights to any other person without PFIPL's prior written
consent.
19. Consent
The costs and expenses associated with Development activities shall include, but are not limited to, costs of
studies on the toxicological, pharmacological, metabolical or clinical aspects of a Product, including clinical
trials, conducted internally or by individual investigators or consultants and necessary for the purpose of
obtaining, maintaining and/or expanding marketing approval of a Product, process development, process
improvement and scale-up and recovery costs (including plant costs), validation costs, including
qualification lots, the manufacture of clinical supplies of Product, including failed batches, costs for
preparing, submitting, reviewing or developing data or information for the purpose of submission to a
governmental authority to obtain, maintain and/or expand manufacturing and/or marketing approval of a
Product and costs of marketing studies related to a Product.
In determining “Development Costs” chargeable under this Agreement, each Party will use its respective
project accounting systems, and will review and approve its project accounting systems and methodologies
with the other Party.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.16 to the contrary, only those Development Costs that are
contemplated by the Co-Development Plan and Budget or were otherwise approved by the JSC shall be
chargeable by a Party as Development Costs
20. Exclusivity
a) Under the terms of the agreement, Pfizer will receive an exclusive worldwide license to GMI-1070 for
Vaso-occlusive crisis associated with sickle cell disease and for other diseases for which the drug
candidate may be developed. GlycoMimetics will remain responsible for completion of the ongoing
Phase 2 trial under Pfizer's oversight, and Pfizer will then assume all further development and
commercialization responsibilities. The potential value of the agreement for GlycoMimetics is
approximately $340 million, including an upfront payment as well as development, regulatory and
commercial milestones. GlycoMimetics is also eligible for royalties on any sales.
b) Supplier shall manufacture and supply products exclusively to Pfizer, and Pfizer grants no license or
other rights in or to products to supplier except to manufacture and supply same to Pfizer. While this
Agreement is in effect and for a period of [**] years after this Agreement is terminated for any reason,
supplier should not develop, manufacture or sell, nor shall supplier directly or indirectly assist any third
party to develop, manufacture or sell, any products which are competitive with the products supplied to
Pfizer by supplier under this Agreement, without the prior express written consent of Pfizer. For
purposes of this Agreement, a product shall be considered competitive with the PRODUCTS supplied to
Pfizer under this Agreement if such product is useful in the cellular diagnostics, cellular separation or
cellular enrichment fields.
21. Data Breach
Service Provider shall immediately notify Pfizer of any instance of unauthorized access to, use or disclosure
of any portion of Personal Information and shall cooperate with Pfizer in any action relating thereto.
Further, upon discovery of any vulnerability to or breach of its security, Service Provider shall immediately
take all appropriate actions necessary to mitigate any risk related to the disclosure of Personal Information.
Service Provider shall not knowingly permit Consultant to have access to Personal Information if such
Consultant: (a) has been convicted of a crime or has agreed to or entered into a pretrial diversion or similar
program in connection with (i) dishonesty, breach of trust or money laundering. "Dishonesty" means
directly or indirectly to cheat or defraud; to cheat or defraud for monetary gain or its equivalent; or
wrongfully to take property belonging to another in violation of any criminal statute. Dishonesty includes
acts involving want of integrity, lack of probity, or a disposition to distort, cheat, or act deceitfully or
fraudulently, and may include crimes which by law is defined as dishonest. "Breach of trust" means a
wrongful act, use, misappropriation or omission with respect to any property or fund that has been
committed to a person in a fiduciary or official capacity, or the misuse of one's official or fiduciary position
to engage in a wrongful act, use, misappropriation or omission. (a); and/or (ii) a felony; and/or (b) uses
illegal drugs.
22. Prohibition
The Service Provider also agrees that the personnel employed by them will use only lawful methods to carry
out the activities & responsibilities assigned to them and shall not resort to any unlawful actions & any
unlawful actions done will be at the sole responsibility of Service Provider.
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, shall not, with or without the giving of notice or the passage of time or both:
The Service Provider agrees that it shall not disclose any Confidential Information received by it, without the
prior written consent, to any third party, other than: The Service Provider, its employees, agents etc., shall
not use the name, trademark and / or logo of HDBFS in any sales or marketing publication or advertisement
or in any other manner without prior written consent.
The Service Provider shall not assign any of its responsibilities contained in this agreement to any agent, sub
- agent without prior written permission of Pfizer, which Pfizer may deny in their absolute discretion.
The Service Provider acknowledges that any and all of the copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual
property rights used or embodied in or in connection with this agreement shall remain the property of
Pfizer and Service Provider shall not during or at any time after the termination of this Agreement in any
way question or dispute the ownership.
23. Other Obligations
No omission or delay by Lessor at any time to enforce any right or remedy reserved to it or to require
performance by Lessee of any of the terms, covenants or provisions of this Agreement or any Lease at the
times designated herein or therein, shall be a waiver of any such right or remedy to which Lessor is entitled,
nor shall it in any way affect the right of Lessor to thereafter enforce such provisions.
24. Subletting
Without the prior written consent of Licensor, Licensee cannot sublet, sub-let, assign, mortgage
or pledge its rights under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Person other than an
assignment of this Agreement in its entirety to an Affiliate, solely as part of an internal
reorganization for tax or administrative purposes, and solely if (i) Licensee guarantees the
performance of such Affiliate thereafter and (ii) the assignee is the ultimate parent entity in
Licensee's organization or otherwise has the power to control the actions of all of Licensee's
Affiliates receiving the benefit of this Agreement. For clarity, this Agreement shall be construed
as an agreement for the personal services of Licensee in its current form as a non-bankrupt
entity, and Licensee may not assume this Agreement (or assign this Agreement to any other
Person, including an Affiliate) in bankruptcy without Licensor's prior written consent. Without
the prior written consent of Licensor, Licensee shall not permit a tax sale, seizure, security
interest, lien, mortgage or encumbrance or attachment to occur with respect to any Licensed
Vacation Ownership Property.
